# Metaball-in-maya
This program allows user to create metaball models in Maya. Users can generate metaball models by creating spheres, moving them to the user's desired position, editing their size, and clicking  the Create Metaball button. And users can adjust the shape of the metaball by changing the size of  the isolevel. This program can obtain the position and scale information of the sphere to generate a metaball. Because the scaled data is obtained, not the actual size of the sphere, after deleting history in Maya, the program cannot correctly obtain the sphere size information, which will cause a bug.Because of the problem of computing power, the program cannot spread too large a stage. So the user can control the range of generated graphs by adjusting gridx, gridy, gridz.This program uses the marching cubes algorithm to render the model in maya, and the position of the point used to calculate the metaball is only the function of cacE.The algorithm creates a surface by breaking down the three-dimensional mesh into a series of small cube elements, then determining which boundaries of the cube the surface crosses based on the values of the points inside each cube and connecting these boundaries using triangular patches.In the code, a class called marchingCubes is defined to work with each cube unit. This class calculates the cubeindex and pointLocation of the cube based on the values of the points inside the cube and the set isolevel, and uses the Maya command polyCreateFacet to create a triangular patch.Then, a function called overStage is defined to traverse the entire scene and call the marchingCubes class on each cube unit. I made the ui part easy. columnlayout is used to arrange the button and slider. create ball and create metaball button together as a group, clear ball, clear metaball buttons together as a group.And I did a couple of experiments. I tested metaball generated by two balls under different isolevel.The smaller the isolevel, the more metaball will be generated. As the number of balls increases, metaball gets bigger and rounder
